hey guys it's Drac and this is just
video footage from a war while we were
waiting on everybody to show up for the
Xing commercial we took advantage of the
sweet laser tag arena that Xing rented
out and we kind of made some footage
using the end bringer which was really
new at the time so draculina and the
mini Drac and I all decided to have a
quick war while we waited for people to
show up you can see the kind of arena is
really really neat it's got a
post-apocalyptic feel to it the end
bringer fits right in with that really
cool sci-fi kind of look and then you
can kind of see the draculina off left
disappearing and now that I've kind of
got her pegged I just unload a 6 clip on
her with the end bringer and then we
decide to go for another round I think I
I find her pretty quickly she ducks into
this right room over here
but I didn't reload my clip so I have to
do that and there are lots of holes in
this arena which are pretty neat so that
you can kind of get people through them
or be shot at through them if you've
seen the zing commercial that footage is
really dynamic because of all the
different ways that that can go down and
then they decide to team up on me here
which wasn't particularly fair so I
switched to hammer shots so that I can
shoot them both at the same time and the
Thunder bow doesn't hold up and the
draculina is trying so hard to fire but
her clip is jammed so she just gets
drilled a couple of times with hammer
shots then I'm trying to remember what's
going on in this clip that's really dark
when you run around that area cuz there
aren't a lot of black lights there and
I'm very impressed by my video goggles
they did a good job of picking up some
of the lighting here and so the mini
Drake is hiding and I grabbed him as I
come around the corner and then I double
tap because why not and the draculina is
gone she is so fast she's already down
the tunnel and away
and so I think that I pursue her and I
cut out a small clip here because it was
just me running trying to find her in
that dark area in the back and you
couldn't see anything and eventually I
catch up to her and she ends up getting
me first I want to say when I find her
and then there she is and I come around
and she shoots me and I'm out of ammo
anyway so thanks for watching